Update implementation & guide for debugging stateful teal (#432)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/debugging-teal.md

Click on **inspect** and start playing with the teal code!
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33264364/125868869-b55f8e4e-71e9-4742-91b9-75d56bf333d6.png)

Script used in this walkthrough is `gold-delegated-lsig.debug.js` and can be found [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/develop/examples/asa/scripts/transfer/gold-delegated-lsig.debug.js).

## Example Walkthrough (Stateful TEAL)

In this section we will try to debug a stateful transaction (in a group) in [`/examples/permissioned-token-freezing`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/tree/master/examples/permissioned-token-freezing).

There are 2 smart contracts (1 stateful & 1 stateless):
  * `poi-approval.teal`: Asserts a minimum level(stored in global state) set of a user. Rejects if assertion is failed.

>   * `clawback-escrow.py`: Asset clawback that is a stateless contract. Transfer assets if transaction is approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `clawback-escrow.py`: A clawback account that is a stateless contract (lsig).
```

```js
// load app, asset info from checkpoint
const appInfo = deployer.getApp('poi-approval.teal', 'poi-clear.teal');
const assetInfo = deployer.asa.get('gold');

// load logic signature
const escrowParams = {
  ASSET_ID: assetInfo.assetIndex,
  APP_ID: appInfo.appID
};
const escrowLsig = await deployer.loadLogic('clawback-escrow.py', escrowParams);
const escrowAddress = escrowLsig.address();

const txGroup = [
  {
    type: types.TransactionType.CallNoOpSSC,
    sign: types.SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: creator,
    appID: appInfo.appID,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 },
    appArgs: ['str:check-level'],
    accounts: [bob.addr] //  AppAccounts
  },
  {
    type: types.TransactionType.RevokeAsset,
    sign: types.SignType.LogicSignature,
    fromAccountAddr: escrowAddress,
    recipient: bob.addr,
    assetID: assetInfo.assetIndex,
    revocationTarget: creator.addr,
    amount: 1000,
    lsig: escrowLsig,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  },
  {
    type: types.TransactionType.TransferAlgo,
    sign: types.SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: creator,
    toAccountAddr: escrowAddress,
    amountMicroAlgos: 1000,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  }
];
```

In this group:

>   * _tx0_ is an application call tx which checks minimum level set of an account(in local state)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * _tx0_ is an application call which checks minimum level of an account (in local state)
```

>   * _tx1_ is an asset transfer transaction using a clawbackLsig (contract account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * _tx1_ is an asset transfer transaction using a clawback lsig (_clawback-escrow.py_)
```

>   * _tx2_ is an algotransfer transaction to pay fees of _tx1_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * _tx2_ is an algo transfer transaction to pay fees of _tx1_
```

NOTE: Account's level can be set by executing [/permissioned-token-freezing/scripts/transfer/set-clear-level.js](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/permissioned-token-freezing/scripts/transfer/set-clear-level.js). If a min level is set, then the dry run transaction will _PASS_, otherwise the "app-call-messages" would be _REJECT_.

### Dry Run

To get dry run response of the transaction group, simply do:
```js
// reponse is dumped to assets/dryrun.json
await debug.dryRunResponse('dryrun.json');
```

The dry run response has all 3 txns, with "app-call-messages"(PASS/REJECT) for _tx0_, and "logic-sig-messages" for _tx1_. Response will be `null` for _tx2_ (as this is a simple algo transfer tx).
As explained above, the message could be PASS/REJECT depending on the minlevel set.

### Start Debugger

To debug a specific transaction in a group, pass the `groupIndex` parameter. Let's try to start the debugger for _tx0_:
```js
await debug.run({ tealFile: "poi-approval.teal", groupIndex: 0 });
```

> That's it, above code will start a live debugging session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it, the code above will start a live debugging session.
```
